You can use WPC Illi to administer your themes and plugins, I must mention that you can install commercial
themes and plug ins, but it cannot be used to perform updates of commercial themes and plug.
The updates are for the themes and plugins obtained from the WordPress repository.
Let's look at some of the commands.
The commands for themes and ins are identical except you specify WPEC or WP plugin WPEC illi can be
used to list, install, delete, activate, activate, update themes and plugins WP followed by either
theme or plugin, followed by the variable WP plugin list.
And there is a list of the currently installed plug ins.
It's extremely straightforward to use post hyphen.
SMTP is currently deactivated WP plugin activate followed by the name of the plugin post.
A SMTP success activated If I Lost My Plug INS posted.
S.P. is now activated to configure the plugin further, I would need to use the WordPress Dashboard
WP plugin update double hyphen all.
All my plugins are up to date.
That is a very useful option if you have numerous plugins that need to be updated.
The same applies for Theme's WP Themeless WPEC activate, followed by the name of the theme My 2017
Child Success Switch to my 2017.
If I list the themes my 2017 child is now the active theme.
You will notice 2017 is listed as the parent.
See, most of the variables are self-explanatory.
If you want a particular action to apply to all plugins or themes, you include a double hyphen or WPC
Allai is useful for searching for a particular theme or plugin WP theme or plugin search, followed
by the term.
If you are using more than a single word, enclose the words in apostrophes.
WP Theme Search Multipurpose.
I will come back to the page shortly.
WP Theme Search Multipurpose showing ten of 372 themes.
Now you will notice when you use the search variable you have the name and you have the slug.
The name is obviously the name of the theme.
The slug is what is used to install a particular plugin or theme.
If I want to install the multi-purpose shop, the WPEC install followed by the slack.
Theme installed successfully.
WPEC Nyst There is our multi-purpose shop, see, you will notice when I use WP theme search showing
10 of 372 themes.
This is where you can add per page I've specified per page equals 50 success showing 50 of 372 scenes
by changing two three seven two.
It will display all 372 themes.
The same method applies to plugins WP plugin search cache showing 10 of 3300 and 52 WP plugin search
super cache enclosed in apostrophes showing 10 of 513 plugins.
If I wanted to install WP super cache, clear cache menu success installed one of one plugin above that.
You can see what happened when I left out the, you know, plug ins installed.
I lost my plug ins, WP super cache, clear cache menu has now been installed.
If I wanted to lead a plugin WP plugin delete followed by the slack after using WPEC ALLAI to administer
themes and plugins or using the dashboard to administer themes or plug ins, we created a script in
our home directory called WP Permissions.
If you use WPEC Allai to install plug ins, your user will be the owner as well as the group owner.
That is not correct.
If you use the dashboard, your web server will be both the owner and the group owner.
That is also not correct.
So after updating or installing any themes and plug ins, run your WPE ownership and permissions script
my dashboard appearance themes active my 2017 child theme.
And there is multipurpose shop and corporate source that we installed using WP CLIA.
You will also notice Posman is not configured and is mimicking out of the box WordPress email delivery
I activated Posman is SMTP using WPEC Allai.
You need to specify further settings and that is done using your dashboard.
You can use WPC Allai to install commercial themes and plugins, upload the zip file containing the
theme or plug in to your server.
Then using the WP theme or WP plugin install command.
Specify the path to the zip file.
If I uploaded a theme to my home directory, the file name is called Theme Up.
I would change to my site's public HTML directory and I would type WP theme install, followed by the
path to the theme Dot Zafar.
The same applies to plugins.
In this lecture we looked at various WP CLIA commands.